3rd class iphone & power breakup is zero ,i am suggest dont buy this phone,i am also try to return but there is no any return by amazon policy ,there is 3 steps to return ,1st u fill & 2nd steps will never lineup
refurbished phone given to me selling as its new.
I've purchased I phone 6 a month ago. Right from the beginning I've been facing an issue with it. Touch is not working properly. My brother is saying that it's a fake product. How can I fix this issue?
Defective product. Mic not working with speaker phone and also finger print scanner is not working. To my surprise, Amazon does not cater for returning or replace the product when it is defective. It’s not mentioned anywhere that they will not return or refund your money in case the product is found defective, but they follow this policy. In case you face any issues with the Apple product it becomes your baby to take it to the service centre. So a word of advice for all buyers, refrain from buying any Apple products from Amazon. All the best.
Sound coming only in one ear phone. Sound is ok if same ear phone is used in other phone. Amazon is not supposed to sent this type of faulty product. replace it as soon as possible.
bought the phone 10 days before and found there are some difficulties. please refer the attached video 1. it is automatically & repeatedly calling the mobile numbers. 2. automatically opening message and type the character itself. 3.while opening the unlock button, it is opening some other application like whether, contacts,etc.,
Better battery life than my iPhone 6s. Great camera and touchscreen - Apple hallmark. Weaker sound as compared to Android phones.
excellent
My main purpose of buying this phone is to have a good phone with very good camera quality. My budget is Rs 20000. Compared camera quality of few mobile phones in the market like Nokia, LG, Samsung, Moto. iPhone definitely beats all of them. Screen size is good enough to watch movies. I have been using this phone for all most 6 months. 100% battery is lasting for 6 hrs if I am watching movies. Or 1 day if I am using on and off for browsing, calling, and whatsapp.One serious problem I observed is fingerprint is not working sometimes. I never faced any problem with fingerprint sensor on my old iPhone 5.Sometimes, I also observe touch is not responsive. I had to lock and unlock the screen to make touch responsive.
Amazing product. Was doubting easy of use having used android for long but it was not the case. Having used this (extensively) for year and half now, it seems still brand new and super smooth. Build quality is superb. Camera quality much better than most phones at this prices point.Since i used mid range( 15K - 20K) android phones throughout , I feel this is much superior in terms of overall quality and durability.
Screen touch was not working. Apple service station said no issue after keeping it for 15 days. They didn't send it to Bangalore as they told me. But before collecting phone, they said that this time they will send it definitely butnot send it again. After 7 days they send it and asked me that they have changed screen. So pathetic experience was with me. My apple ipad which I use occasionally and with proper precautions got problem in its screen just after 15 months. I used it just for not more than 20 hrs for my tambora app. Even then I got this problem. Service people said that I have to change the ipad and they will give discount of only 2000/- so I said, its ok and I will buy it now and will come to you for new one in next year and you pay me 2000 again for my this new Ipad. So irritating experience. Nyasa servicing centre Pimpri. IPAD APPLE thanks for your great products and their great prices.
Good phone for those who wants to try iPhone experience in the entry level
Best iPhone even in 2018 . Best slim phone . Battery last for 3-4 hours for heavy usage and last for a day long for normal usage. Photo shots are best of my notice. Crazy phone at such a less price..
After around 1 hour of usage, started getting call failure messages frequently, ringer stopped working, touch doesn't work properly many a time. Very disappointed. Didn't expect such a performance from an Apple phone. Disheartening, to say the least.
I have submitted the device to apple authorised service center due to the frequent darkening of screen and device getting frozen.problem started at the second day of usage and I have tried force restart solution.But the problem continues.Cheated by amazon
